Deploy to app store (#1394)
ionic-team/ionic-docs: src/pages/appflow/destinations/destinations.md

---
title: 'Destinations'

> previousText: 'Deploy To Appstore'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
previousText: 'Overview'
```

previousUrl: '/docs/appflow/destinations/intro'
nextText: 'Deploy to Apple App Store'
nextUrl: '/docs/appflow/destinations/apple'
---

> We now support 2 new destinations which you can create by navigating to the `Destinations` tab located under the `Deploy` tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Destinations represent services where you can send your build artifacts (Web Assets, IPAs, or APKs). You can create one by navigating to the `Destinations` tab located under the `Deploy` tab.
```

![/docs/assets/img/appflow/deploy-to-appstore-destinations-tab.png](/docs/assets/img/appflow/deploy-to-appstore-destinations-tab.png)

> You can create a new destination now and choose from `Web Deploy Channel` (Live Updates Channel) `Apple App Store` or `Google Play`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a new destination click the `New Destination` button in the top right and then choose from `Web Deploy Channel` (Live Updates Channel) `Apple App Store` or `Google Play` from the dropdown. 
```
